Review (#1)
geun-son/armeria: site/src/pages/tutorials/thrift/blog/implement-update.mdx

  }
  ```
2. In `BlogServiceImpl.java` we've been working on, add a service method for updating a blog post.
  ```java filename=BlogServiceImpl.java
  import example.armeria.blog.thrift.UpdateBlogPostRequest;
  
  public class BlogServiceImpl implements BlogService.AsyncIface {
    ...
    @Override
    public void updateBlogPost(UpdateBlogPostRequest request, AsyncMethodCallback<BlogPost> resultHandler)
            throws TException {
        final BlogPost oldBlogPost = blogPosts.get(request.getId());
        if (oldBlogPost == null) {
            resultHandler.onError(
                    new BlogNotFoundException("The blog post does not exist. ID: " + request.getId()));
        } else {
            final BlogPost newBlogPost = oldBlogPost.deepCopy()
                                                    .setTitle(request.getTitle())
                                                    .setContent(request.getContent())
                                                    .setModifiedAt(Instant.now().toEpochMilli());
            blogPosts.put(request.getId(), newBlogPost);
            resultHandler.onComplete(newBlogPost);
        }
    }
  }
  ```

## 2. Implement client-side

> 1. Add a service method and a struct in `blog.thrift` for updating a blog post like the server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a service method and a struct for updating a blog post in the blog.thrift file, as we did in [1. Implement server-side](#1-implement-server-side).
```
